Emma has an old-fashioned camera with frames of film in it. Emma wants to go
hiking with friends and, during the hike, take exactly one selfie with every
possible combination of her friends.

Given n and x, determine whether or not Emma has enough frames of film in her
camera to take exactly one photo with every possible combination of her friends.
If yes, print the number of extra frames of film she has after taking all the
photos; if no, print the number of additional frames of film she needs to
accomplish this task.

Input Format
The first line contains an integer, , denoting the number of Emma's friends
going on the hike.
The second line contains an integer, , denoting the number of frames of film in
her camera.

Constraints
* 1 <= n <= 10
* 1 <= x <= 1024

Output Format
Print a single integer denoting the following:
* If Emma has enough film to get a photo of herself with all possible
combinations of her friends, print the number of extra (left over) frames of
film she has in her camera after taking all the photos.
* If Emma does not have enough film, print the number of additional frames of
film she will need to get a photo of herself with all possible combinations of
her friends.

Sample Input 0
3
10

Sample Output 0
3

Explanation 0
Let's say Emma's friends are Alice, Bob, and Dan. Emma can take photos with the
following combinations of friends:
Emma - Alice - Bob - Dan
Emma - Alice - Bob
Emma - Alice - Dan
Emma - Bob - Dan
Emma - Alice
Emma - Bob
Emma - Dan


Because there are 7 combinations of people and Emma has 10 frames of film in her
camera, she will have frames of film left over. Thus, we print 3 as our answer.

Sample Input 1
2
1

Sample Output 1
2

Explanation 1
Let's say Emma's friends are Alice and Bob. Emma can take photos with the
following combinations of friends:
Emma - Alice
Emma - Bob
Emma - Alice - Bob

Because there are 3 combinations of people but Emma only has 1 frame of film in
her camera, she will need 2 additional frames of film to take a photo with all
combinations of her friends. Thus, we print 2 as our answer.
